a country of opportunities we go to
school with scholarships and bursaries
the government provided oh and me
together pokemon kappa mom I look at my
son's friends and I know that's not true
you have to change about the world
financial group and she's promoting this
this financial organization yell like oh
you can save some money or you can help
others to save money what is it some
kind of scam or is it what is it like
it's like a salad oh okay I still what
sounds like a scam all right it sounds
like a ya twelve hundred dollars x times
2 equals that you cool with eagles auto
shut off yeah sounds like a pyramid
scheme
this is the type of work available for
new yuvak students new you pick
graduates I guess join a pyramid scheme
like if Willie kayaks and just hit that
hotel delta hotel and then go straight
right yeah well you can see why
historically this was an important place
because it's so sheltered from the storm
you have so many layers of land
protecting you from the real in the
ocean here is as calm as it as a lake
and most most rivers have more motion
than this this is horse bridge it will
be like really really right windy and
then you finally see the real waves on
the ocean and there you can't yet can go
that way you should stop so with global
warming all of this will be underwater
where I've gotta say I've seen a lot of
ducks that one would not have caught my
but that one is loading
what in the back no that's that's the
bay for for the cars to drive on and off
yeah yeah so there's a door so there's a
door there that will drop down so cars
can drive out from the inside passengers
cars yeah from here you can't see
anything except ask why mold but still
really beautiful